Docs(contrib) : Add how to write links to Writers guide (#3603)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/contribute/writers-guide.md

W> `:` is not a necessity here, note the property, type and default.

An example can be found on the [`options` section of the EvalSourceMapDevToolPlugin's page](/plugins/eval-source-map-dev-tool-plugin/#options).

### Adding links

> Please use relative URLs (/concepts/mode/) to link our own content instead of absolute URL (https://webpack.js.org/concepts/mode/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use relative URLs (/concepts/mode/) to link our own content instead of absolute URLs (https://webpack.js.org/concepts/mode/).
```

> We use relative links (/concepts/mode/) to internal link in our internal guide instead of absolute URL (https://webpack.js.org/concepts/mode/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please use relative URLs (/concepts/mode/) to link our own content instead of absolute URL (https://webpack.js.org/concepts/mode/).
```
